Add a README for orchestrator to help people understand it (#883)
NuGet/NuGet.Jobs: src/NuGet.Services.Validation.Orchestrator/README.md

## Algorithm

1. Receive a message from Service Bus requesting a validation for a single package. 
1. Check if a validation set exists for the provided tracking ID.
   1. If it does not exist, create one and initialize all validator states to "not started"
1. Find any in-progress validations and see if they are done yet.
   1. If any failed, stop doing any further validations.
   1. If any succeeded, start non-started validations that now have their dependency validations completed.
1. Start any non-started validations that have all dependency validations completed.
1. If any validations are still in-progress, re-enqueue and schedule a new Service Bus message so that
   the validation set can be checked again soon.
1. If a validation failed, mark the package as `FailedValidation` and send an email to the owner(s).
1. If all validations succeeded, mark the package as `Available` and send an email to the owner(s).
   1. Note that part of this successful end result is updating the package's `LastEdited` time, which triggers
      the [Db2Catalog job](https://github.com/NuGet/NuGet.Services.Metadata/blob/master/src/Ng/Jobs/Db2CatalogJob.cs)

> 	  to begin processing it in V3.

Reviewer: Is the tab here intentional?

## List of Validators

> The easiest way to find validators is to find types implementing `IValidator` or `IProcessor` but here is the as

Reviewer 2: Missing some word at the end of the line?

> The easiest way to find validators is to find types implementing `IValidator` or `IProcessor` but here is the current

Reviewer: The "current" wording may be confusing in the future. Maybe:

```suggestion
The easiest way to find validators is to find types implementing `IValidator` or `IProcessor` but here is the list as of April 17th, 2020.
```

> The easiest way to find validators is to find types implementing `IValidator` or `IProcessor` but here is the current
> list.

Reviewer: The "current" wording may be confusing in the future. Maybe:

```suggestion
The easiest way to find validators is to find types implementing `IValidator` or `IProcessor` but here is the list as of April 17th, 2020.
```

```suggestion
The easiest way to find validators is to find types implementing `IValidator` or `IProcessor` but here is the list
as of April 17th, 2020.
```
